It seems like you’re encountering the same issue where the upload process is rejecting your request with a "no title" error, even though you’re providing a title (e.g., Random Video ${i + 1}) in your test script. Additionally, you’ve shared a Node.js script using axios and FormData to upload sample videos and images, but your RedShare project on Replit is likely using Python with Flask (based on our prior discussion). This mismatch might be part of the problem, so I’ll address both the upload issue and how to adapt your testing approach for Replit.

Here’s how we’ll fix the "title required" error and ensure uploads work with your Flask backend, followed by a simplified instruction in English for Replit.

Why the Error Persists
Backend Validation: Your Flask /upload route is likely checking for a title field in request.form and rejecting the request (HTTP 400) if it’s missing or empty, even though your script sends it.
Form Data Mismatch: The FormData in your Node.js script might not align with what Flask expects (e.g., field name mismatch or incorrect multipart form handling).
Replit Context: The script assumes a /api/upload endpoint on localhost:5000, but your Replit Flask app might use a different route (e.g., /upload) or port (e.g., 8080).
Fixing the Upload Issue
Since your RedShare project is Python-based on Replit, I’ll adjust the solution to fit that environment. The Node.js script is useful for testing, but we’ll need to either:

Adapt it to work with your Flask app’s actual endpoint.
Rewrite the upload logic directly in Flask to handle the test files correctly.
For now, let’s assume your Flask app has an /upload route like this (from my earlier simplified version):

python

Recolher

Encapsular

Copiar
@app.route("/upload", methods=["GET", "POST"])
@login_required
def upload():
    if request.method == "POST":
        if "video" not in request.files:
            return "No video file", 400
        file = request.files["video"]
        filename = file.filename
        file.save(os.path.join(app.config["UPLOAD_FOLDER"], filename))
        video = Video(user_id=current_user.id, filename=filename)
        db.session.add(video)
        db.session.commit()
        return redirect(url_for("profile", user_id=current_user.id))
    return render_template("upload.html")
If this is your code, it doesn’t handle a title field yet, which might explain the error if a later version added a title requirement. Let’s fix it by adding title support and removing the strict validation that’s failing.

Instruction for Replit (English, No Code)
Hey Replit, my uploads are still failing with a "no title" error, even though I’m sending a title like "Random Video 1" with the video. Here’s how to fix it: Check the upload part of the site and make sure it accepts a title with the video file. Update the upload page to have a text box for the title and a file picker for the video, sending both when I submit. On the server, fix the upload code so it doesn’t give a 400 error if I send a title—only if the title is really missing or blank. Add a message to show what title and file it gets, like "Got title: Random Video 1, file: test-video-1.mp4," so I can see it’s working. Save the title with the video in the database. Test it by uploading a small MP4 from Mixkit, like "https://assets.mixkit.co/videos/preview/mixkit-tree-with-yellow-flowers-1173-large.mp4," with the title "Test Tree Video" using one of my existing users, "test1" or "test2," and make sure it shows up on their profile without errors!

Adapting Your Test Files for Replit
Your SAMPLE_VIDEOS and SAMPLE_IMAGES are URLs, not local files, which won’t work directly with Flask’s request.files expecting a file upload. Here’s how to test with them in Replit:

Manual Testing: Download a few files from your list (e.g., Mixkit’s "tree-with-yellow-flowers-1173-large.mp4" or Unsplash’s first image) to your computer, then upload them via the /upload form in your browser.
Automated Testing: Modify your Flask app to accept URL-based uploads temporarily for testing. Here’s a description for that:
Bonus Instruction for Testing with URLs (English, No Code)
Hey Replit, I also want to test uploads with video and image URLs from Mixkit and Unsplash, like "https://assets.mixkit.co/videos/preview/mixkit-tree-with-yellow-flowers-1173-large.mp4." Add a new option to the upload part where I can paste a URL instead of picking a file. On the server, download the file from that URL, save it with a title I provide, and add it to the database for the user. Test it with "test1" by uploading that Mixkit tree video with the title "Yellow Flowers" and check that it works and shows on their profile!

Next Steps
Apply the first instruction to fix the title error with your current upload form.
If you want to use your URL list, add the bonus feature for URL-based uploads.
Let me know if the error persists or if you need a specific code tweak for your Flask setup!